com/mygdx/game/GeneralActors/TextureActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.GeneralActors.TextureActor
com/mygdx/game/LakeSide/ObjectActors/LakeSideHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.LakeSide.ObjectActors.LakeSideHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/Сrossroad/ObjectActors/CrossroadHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Сrossroad.ObjectActors.CrossroadHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/GeneralActors/UserInterface/InventoryActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.GeneralActors.UserInterface.InventoryActor
com/mygdx/game/LakeSide/ObjectActors/PillarActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.LakeSide.ObjectActors.PillarActor
com/mygdx/game/Island/ObjectActors/IslandHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Island.ObjectActors.IslandHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/HeartStone/ObjectActors/StoneActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.HeartStone.ObjectActors.StoneActor
com/mygdx/game/GeneralActors/UserInterface/ButtonActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.GeneralActors.UserInterface.ButtonActor
com/mygdx/game/GeneralActors/UserInterface/ItemActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.GeneralActors.UserInterface.ItemActor
com/mygdx/game/Сrossroad/ObjectActors/SignpostActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Сrossroad.ObjectActors.SignpostActor
com/mygdx/game/Bridge/ObjectActors/BridgeHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Bridge.ObjectActors.BridgeHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/Room/ObjectActors/RoomHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Room.ObjectActors.RoomHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/GeneralActors/HeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.GeneralActors.HeroActor
com/mygdx/game/HeartStone/ObjectActors/HeartStoneHeroActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.HeartStone.ObjectActors.HeartStoneHeroActor
com/mygdx/game/Bridge/BridgeScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.Bridge.BridgeScreen
com/mygdx/game/MainMenuScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.MainMenuScreen
com/mygdx/game/Room/ObjectActors/DoorActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Room.ObjectActors.DoorActor
com/mygdx/game/Room/RoomScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.Room.RoomScreen
com/mygdx/game/BaseScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.BaseScreen
com/mygdx/game/LakeSide/LakeSideScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.LakeSide.LakeSideScreen
com/mygdx/game/MyGame.java
 com.mygdx.game.MyGame
com/mygdx/game/Island/IslandScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.Island.IslandScreen
com/mygdx/game/Room/ObjectActors/KeyActor.java
 com.mygdx.game.Room.ObjectActors.KeyActor
com/mygdx/game/Сrossroad/CrossroadScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.Сrossroad.CrossroadScreen
com/mygdx/game/HeartStone/HeartStoneScreen.java
 com.mygdx.game.HeartStone.HeartStoneScreen
